TaskList: task list to support `notRequired` status (#1884)
agriculturegovau/agds-next: .changeset/many-dancers-invent.md

---
'@ag.ds-next/react': minor
'@ag.ds-next/docs': minor
---

> TaskList prop `message` can be string or ReactElement. A new status `notRequired` for TaskList.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
task-list: Add new `'notRrequired'` status. Change `message` to allow `string` or `ReactElement`.
```

> task-list: Add new `'notRrequired'` status. Change `message` to allow `string` or `ReactElement`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
task-list: Add new `'notRequired'` status. Change `message` to allow `string` or `ReactElement`.
```

Author: I have updated the spelling. Also removed change regarding `message`.
